"LAST TIME ON YU-GI-OH! GX"...
PROFESSOR VIPER HAS
AN ANNOUNCEMENT TO MAKE.
FEAST YOUR EYES
ON MY NEWEST
INVENTION--
THE BIOBAND.
AND STARTING NOW, YOU'RE
ALL REQUIRED TO WEAR ONE.
OVER THE NEXT FEW WEEKS,
YOU'LL TAKE PART
IN A SERIES OF
SURVIVAL DUELS.
NOW, I TRUST YOU
REMEMBER OUR PLAN.
DUEL AGAINST
JADEN, RIGHT?
I WANT HIM
SO FRIGHTENED
FOR HIS LIFE
THAT HE UNLEASHES
EVERYTHING HE'S GOT!
YOUR MISSION IS
TO PUSH JADEN BEYOND
HIS THRESHOLD
AND DRAIN EVERY
OUNCE OF HIS POWER.
SY!
AND THE FUN CONTINUES.
[BEEPS]
IF YOU LOSE,
HE TAKES THE FALL.
THERE'S ONLY ONE
PERSON THAT'S GOING
DOWN, AND THAT'S YOU!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
THE GAME IS ON INDEED.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
JADEN, HELP!
SY!
LET HIM DOWN,
BRODIE!
"LET HIM DOWN," HUH?
CARE TO RECONSIDER?
IT'S ALL GOOD, SOLDIER.
JUST CHILL,
'CAUSE THIS DUEL'S
AS GOOD AS WON!
CHECK THIS OUT!
IT'S MY FLARE SCARAB!
DID I MENTION HE'S GOT
A SWEET EFFECT?
FOR EVERY SPELL
AND TRAP ON YOUR FIELD,
FLARE SCARAB GETS
400 EXTRA POINTS!
Axel, thinking:
THESE ARE THE SAME MONSTERS
HE USED AGAINST JESSE.
I WASN'T IMPRESSED
THEN EITHER.
THEIR EFFECTS ARE LAME,
AND THEIR ATTACK POINTS
ARE EVEN
LAMER.
WHAT GOOD IS A FIELD
FULL OF WEAK MONSTERS?
THERE'S NO WAY
HE'S DUMB ENOUGH
TO ATTACK ME WITH THOSE!
I ATTACK!
AVIAN, TAKE HIM OUT!
I DON'T THINK SO,
'CAUSE I PLAY FIREWALL!
FIRST I TAKE VOLCANIC SHELL
AND REMOVE IT FROM PLAY.
THEN MY TRAP CANCELS
YOUR ATTACK!
OH, YEAH? BIG DEAL.
I STILL HAVE FLARE SCARAB!
WELL, GUESS WHAT.
I STILL HAVE ANOTHER
VOLCANIC SHELL LEFT!
YOU ALWAYS HAVE TO
ONE-UP ME, DON'T YOU?
SHOW-OFF.
Jesse, thinking:
AXEL'S UP TO SOMETHING.
THE QUESTION IS WHAT.
IS THAT THE BEST YOU CAN DO,
'CAUSE I WAS HOPIN'
FOR A CHALLENGE.
OH, PLEASE.
YOU CAN'T FOOL ME.
THAT TOUGH GUY
ATTITUDE IS
JUST AN ACT.
I CAN TELL
YOU'RE HAVING FUN,
AND SO AM I, BRO!
SORRY TO BUTT IN,
BUT WHILE YOU TWO GUYS
ARE BUSY WHOOPING IT UP,
JUST REMEMBER SOMEONE'S LIFE
IS HANGING BY A THREAD!
Axel, thinking:
THE PROFESSOR'S
GONNA BE THRILLED.
THANKS TO MY STRATEGY,
JADEN'S PLAYING
RIGHT INTO VIPER'S HANDS.
I JUST HAVE TO MAKE SURE
HE KEEPS ATTACKING,
WHICH MEANS IT'S TIME FOR
ME TO TURN UP THE HEAT.
ALL RIGHT.
STAND BACK!
I PAY 500 LIFE POINTS.
SO MY FIREWALL
STAYS ON THE FIELD!
AND NEXT, I PLAY THIS--
MY FIRE SOUL!
AND AS SOON
AS IT ACTIVATES,
MY OPPONENT
IS ALLOWED TO DRAW
ONE CARD FROM HIS DECK.
THANKS A LOT, MAN!
THAT'S MY KIND OF SPELL!
IT GETS BETTER.
ONCE I FIND A PYRO-TYPE
MONSTER IN MY DECK,
THE REAL FUN STARTS,
'CAUSE IF I
REMOVE IT FROM PLAY,
HALF ITS ATTACK POINTS
COME OUT OF YOUR SCORE!
SAY WHAT?
WHEN YOU PLAY WITH ME,
YOU PLAY WITH FIRE...
LITERALLY!
AH, MAN.
AT THIS RATE,
I'M GONNA BE GOING
DOWN IN FLAMES.
Axel, thinking:
JADEN'S CARDS DON'T HOLD
A CANDLE TO MY FLAME DECK.
THAT BOY'S GONNA
CRASH AND BURN. WAIT!
I CAN'T BEAT HIM YET!
VIPER WANTS ME
TO DRAG THIS OUT.
SO, UH, ARE YOU GONNA
STARE AT ME ALL DAY?
COME ON. LET'S SEE
WHAT ELSE YA GOT.
Thinking: WHAT'S WRONG WITH
THIS KID?!
HE GETS HIS BUTT WHIPPED,
THEN HE SMILES
AND ASKS FOR MORE?
DEEP DOWN, HE'S
GOT TO BE SWEATIN' THIS.
ALL HE HAS GOIN'
FOR HIM ARE A COUPLE
OF WEAK MONSTERS.
HOLD UP.
I BET HE'S GONNA
SACRIFICE THEM
TO BRING OUT NEOS,
JUST LIKE HE DID
AGAINST JESSE.
I GOTTA PROTECT MYSELF
BY PLAYIN' BURIAL FROM
A DIFFERENT DIMENSION.
BUT IF HE TRIES
TO DESTROY MY FIREWALL,
I NEED SOME BACKUP
SUPPORT.
THAT'S WHERE
MY FIRE TRAP COMES IN.
THIS CANCELS OUT ANY
CARD THAT TRIES TO DISARM
ONE OF MY TRAP CARDS.
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
Axel: THAT'S ALL FOR NOW.
Axel, thinking:
ATTACK ALL YOU WANT.
YOU'LL NEVER GET
THROUGH TO MY TROOPS.
AND JUST LIKE
PROFESSOR VIPER ORDERED,
I'M GONNA WEAR YOU
DOWN, JADEN.
AXEL LOOKS DISTRACTED,
SO NOW'S OUR CHANCE.
FORWARD MARCH.
IT'S ABOUT TIME YOU STOPPED
STARING INTO SPACE!
I PLAY THIS--
THE SPELL CARD
FAKE HERO!
NOW I CAN SUMMON
A NEW MONSTER,
AS LONG AS IT'S
GOT "ELEMENTAL HERO"
IN ITS NAME,
LIKE ELEMENTAL
HERO NEOS!
Hassleberry: SHAZAM!
JADEN JUST BROUGHT
OUT THE BIG GUNS!
HEY, SARGE! WHAT ARE
YOU WAITIN' FOR?
OPEN UP A CAN OF NEOS
ON THIS GUY!
UM, YOU DO REALIZE THAT HE
CAN'T ATTACK, DON'T YOU?
HE NEEDS TO WAIT
UNTIL HIS NEXT TURN.
UH, I KNEW THAT!
EXCUSE ME. STILL DOWN HERE!
MAYBE I CAN'T ATTACK,
BUT I CAN DO THIS!
NEOS, SCARAB,
COMBINE TO CREATE
ELEMENTAL HERO FLARE NEOS!
COUNT UP YOUR SPELLS
AND TRAPS,
'CAUSE EACH ONE
GIVES FLARE NEOS
400 EXTRA POINTS!
Axel, thinking:
IS HE PREDICTABLE OR WHAT?
Jaden, thinking: NOW
THAT AXEL'S GRAVEYARD IS
OUT OF FIRE MONSTERS,
HIS FIRE WALL
CAN'T STOP ME.
FLARE NEOS,
DIRECT ATTACK!
I DON'T THINK SO.
Axel: I ACTIVATE BURIAL FROM
A DIFFERENT DIMENSION!
IT LETS ME TAKE
THREE MONSTERS
THAT ARE OUT OF PLAY
AND ADD 'EM TO MY GRAVE.
THEN JUST LIKE BEFORE,
I REMOVE MY
VOLCANIC SHELL FROM PLAY
AND ACTIVATE FIREWALL.
AND I'M SENDING
IN MY AVIAN AGAIN!
DEJA VU.
IF YOU'RE GONNA REPEAT
THE SAME MOVES,
THEN SO WILL I!
[SCREAMING]
TIME TO BREAK
THIS CYCLE...
WITH THIS,
MY CONTACT OUT!
SAY WHAT?
IT'S ABOUT TIME ONE
OF US TRIED SOMETHING
ORIGINAL, RIGHT?
I WAS GETTING BORED.
NOW I CAN UN-FUSE
FLARE NEOS.
AND SINCE
NEOS AND SCARAB
ARE IN MY DECK,
NOW I CAN SUMMON THEM.
HUH?
Axel, thinking:
I'M BEGINNING
TO UNDERSTAND
WHY VIPER'S SO
INTERESTED IN THIS KID.
FLARE NEOS, SEPARATE!
NEOS, ATTACK!
COSMIC CRUSH!
Axel: I REMOVE
MY FLAME EMPEROR
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
TO ACTIVATE FIREWALL!
FLARE SCARAB,
TIME TO PICK UP WHERE
NEOS LEFT OFF.
NO!
I'M AFRAID IT'S TRUE!
AND DON'T FORGET THAT
FOR EVERY SPELL AND TRAP
CARD YOU HAVE IN PLAY,
SCARAB GETS
400 MORE ATTACK POINTS!
HA HA HA!
SWEETNESS!
ABOUT TIME YOU LOST
SOME MORE POINTS!
IT'S ALL YOU!
AWESOME! WAY TO PLAY!
KEEP IT DOWN.
YEAH. LET JADEN DUEL,
AND YOU STICK
TO WHAT YOU DO BEST!
WHAT, BEING
A HELPLESS WUSS?
YOU KNOW, JUST ONE TIME,
I'D LIKE TO BE THE HERO!
COME ON. CAN'T YOU
GUYS PICTURE IT?
SOME BAD GUY SHOWS UP
AND BRAINWASHES EVERYONE,
THEN I BEAT HIM IN A DUEL
AND SAVE THE WORLD.
LIKE I SAID,
YOU JUST WORK
ON LOOKING PATHETIC.
LEAVE ALL
THE WORLD-SAVING
TO JADEN!
Jesse, thinking:
ITS TRUE! JADEN'S
ALWAYS THE TARGET
OF SOME MANIACAL VILLAIN.
I WONDER IF THIS DUEL'S
SOMEHOW RELATED!
[BUZZING]
AAH!
Hassleberry: NOW THAT'S
THE PATHETIC SYRUS I KNOW!
HE'S IN TROUBLE!
IT'S BREAKING!
JADEN BETTER
WIN THIS DUEL
QUICKLY!
[CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
THAT'S RIGHT.
KEEP DUELING, MY BOY.
FIGHT WITH ALL YOUR MIGHT.
BEFORE LONG, ALL YOUR ENERGY
AND THAT OF YOUR FRIENDS
WILL BELONG TO ME!
AND I'LL FINALLY
HAVE EVERYTHING I NEED!
HA HA HA HA!
[MOANS]
HUSH! NOW, LOOK,
IF AXEL HEARS YOU,
HE'LL DROP YOU LIKE
A RABID PRAIRIE DOG.
Jesse: DON'T WORRY.
HE'S DEEP IN THOUGHT.
JUST LOOK.
HE'S IN LA LA LAND.
Axel, thinking:
DAD, IF YOU'RE OUT
THERE, HELP ME.
I NEED YOUR ADVICE
MORE THAN EVER.
SO, POP, REMIND
ME WHY WE'VE
BEEN STARING AT THIS
FIRE ALL NIGHT.
I MEAN, I THOUGHT WE
CAME HERE TO TRAIN.
WE DID.
TO TRAIN YOUR MIND.
YOU SEE, FIRE CAN
BE VERY POWERFUL,
MUCH LIKE YOU.
BUT IF USED CARELESSLY,
IT CAN RESULT IN
A GREAT DEAL OF DAMAGE.
SO PLEASE BEWARE.
RIGHT ON, POP.
Axel, thinking:
IF I REALLY WANT TO TAP INTO
THE POWER OF MY FLAME DECK,
I NEED TO BE AN HONORABLE
WARRIOR, LIKE MY DAD.
I FOLLOWED MY ORDERS
AND DID WHAT I HAD TO
TO GET JADEN TO FIGHT.
BUT NOW I NEED TO FINISH THIS
THE WAY MY DAD WOULD HAVE--
BY RESPECTING MY OPPONENT
AND WINNING WITH DIGNITY.
WHATEVER YOU
DID, IT WORKED!
YOU SAVED MY FRIEND.
BUT WHY?
OH, RIGHT. YOU'RE
NOT BIG ON THE WHOLE
CONVERSATION THING.
THAT'S COOL.
WHAT IS HE THINKING?
WHY SPEAK WHEN I CAN DUEL?
FIRST I'LL GIVE UP
500 POINTS
SO FIREWALL STAYS
ON THE FIELD.
THEN I PLAY
MY BLASTING VEIN
SPELL CARD!
SO ONCE I DESTROY
A FACEDOWN CARD,
I GET TO DRAW TWO MORE
FROM MY DECK!
NOW LET'S SEE WHAT
WE GOT.
OH, YEAH.
SINCE I JUST DESTROYED
MY FIRE TRAP, GET THIS.
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD!
NOT BAD.
YOU'RE DONE, RIGHT?
YOU WISH!
I SWAP
MY BLAZE ACCELERATOR
FOR TRI-BLAZE ACCELERATOR!
AWESOME.
I'VE NEVER SEEN
THAT BEFORE!
WAIT TILL YOU
SEE IT IN ACTION!
LOADING
VOLCANIC SCATTERSHOT!
THREE CASUALTIES
COMING RIGHT UP!
FIRE ACCELERATOR!
[SURPRISED GASP]
NO. YOU FOOL!
THIS WASN'T PART
OF OUR AGREEMENT!
YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO DRAG THIS DUEL OUT
AS LONG AS POSSIBLE
AND PUSH JADEN
TO HIS LIMITS!
I DIDN'T TELL YOU
TO STRIVE FOR VICTORY!
YOU HEAR ME?
BELIEVE ME, I HAVE WAYS
OF MAKING YOU PAY.
[COUGHING]
AXEL, HOW DID YOU
DO THAT?
I'M GLAD YOU ASKED.
WHEN MY TRI-BLAZE
ACCELERATOR FIRES A SHOT
AND YOUR
MONSTER'S DESTROYED,
AS A SIDE EFFECT
YOU TAKE 500 POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
SOMETHING TELLS ME
THERE'S MORE.
GOOD CALL.
A LOT MORE.
SINCE I USED SCATTERSHOT,
I WAS ABLE TO BLAST YOU WITH
THREE TIMES THE FIREPOWER!
AFTER THE FIRST ONE
WAS FIRED,
TWO MORE VOLCANIC
SCATTERSHOTS ARE
AUTOMATICALLY LOADED UP,
DESTROYING ALL THREE
OF YOUR MONSTERS!
AND THEN ALL THREE
OF MY SCATTERSHOTS
ARE SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
BUT THEY DON'T LEAVE
EMPTY-HANDED.
THEY EACH TAKE 500
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS
FOR A GRAND TOTAL
OF 2,000.
Jesse: WELL, I GUESS THINGS
CAN'T GET ANY WORSE.
WRONG, 'CAUSE NOW AXEL'S
GRAVEYARD IS
FULL OF PYRO-TYPE
MONSTERS.
TO POWER HIS FIREWALL
SO JADEN CAN'T ATTACK!
Syrus: HE'S NOT THE ONLY ONE
IN DANGER!
DOES ANYONE REMEMBER ME?
I KNOW I'M NOT THE STAR,
BUT GIMME A BREAK!
A LITTLE RESPECT, PEOPLE!
BE CAREFUL! YOU'RE
HANGING BY A THREAD!
SO WILL YOU QUIT
SQUIRMIN' AROUND?
Jesse, thinking:
THIS IS PLUMB CRAZY!
THE DUELS BACK HOME
ARE NOTHING LIKE THIS!
[JADEN LAUGHING]
I GUESS THIS IS
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU
HANG OUT WITH JADEN.
[SYRUS SCREAMS]
IT'S BREAKING!
SOMEONE HELP ME!
AAH!
[WHIMPERING]
I GOT YA, SY!
HEY, SERGEANT.
PRIVATE TRUESDALE IS A-OK!
SWEETNESS! I KNEW
YOU COULD DO IT!
THANKS, GUYS!
YEAH. NOW I CAN DUEL WITHOUT
THE BACKGROUND NOISE.
WAIT A SEC.
THOSE GUYS
ARE MY FRIENDS.
ANYWAY, WHY
DON'T WE MOVE ON?
I'VE GOT A DUEL
TO WIN!
Axel, thinking:
I GOTTA HAND IT TO HIM.
THIS KID'S GOT GUTS.
HE'S GOT NO MONSTERS
AND BARELY ANY LIFE POINTS
AND HE'S TALKIN'
ABOUT WINNING?
MOST DUELISTS
WOULD HAVE CALLED IT
QUITS THREE ROUNDS AGO!
BUT NOT JADEN.
EVERY TIME I KNOCK HIM DOWN,
HE COMES BACK EVEN STRONGER.
BUT THIS TIME, I'M GONNA
BE READY FOR HIM.
ALL I HAVE TO DO IS
REINFORCE MY PLAYING FIELD.
Axel: I'LL TOSS DOWN
TWO FACEDOWN CARDS
AND END MY TURN.
I WAS HOPING THAT
YOU'D SAY THAT.
I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO
WILDHEART!
AND HE'S IMMUNE
TO TRAPS,
WHICH MEANS YOU
CAN'T STOP HIM
WITH YOUR FIREWALL!
YA THINK SO?
THEN BRING HIM ON!
YOU WANT HIM, BRO?
THEN YOU'VE GOT HIM!
Axel, thinking:
NOW'S MY CHANCE!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP--
VOLCANIC FORCE!
[GROWLING]
[SCREAMING]
WAIT! I CAN'T!
Axel: I GAVE MY WORD
TO VIPER THAT I WOULDN'T
FOCUS ON WINNING.
I ACTIVATE WILD FIRE!
SO I GIVE UP 500 POINTS
AND BLAZE ACCELERATOR
IN ORDER TO DESTROY
ALL MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD,
AND THAT INCLUDES
YOUR ELEMENTAL HERO
WILDHEART!
BUT UNLIKE YOU, JADEN,
I'M NOT ALONE,
'CAUSE I GET TO SUMMON
A WILD FIRE TOKEN!
Axel, thinking:
SORRY, VIPER. I HAVE
NO CHOICE BUT TO WIN.
HIS DEFENSES ARE DOWN,
AND I HAVE ANOTHER MONSTER
READY TO ATTACK.
I DRAGGED THIS OUT
AS LONG AS I COULD.
NOW IT'S TIME TO FINISH
YOU OFF!
LOOK, GUYS!
IT'S OVER!
IT'S OVER.
HE'S STILL GOT THAT FACEDOWN
CARD FROM ROUND ONE!
HE MAY STILL HAVE A SHOT!
Axel: NOW FIRE!
Axel, thinking:
IF I KNOW JADEN,
THAT'S A TRAP CARD
THAT KICKS IN WHEN
HIS MONSTER'S DESTROYED.
AXEL, IT'S BEEN FUN,
BUT YOU'RE TOAST,
THANKS TO
ELEMENTAL MIRAGE!
I WAS RIGHT!
NOW I CAN BRING BACK
AN ELEMENTAL HERO!
AND IF IT HAS MORE
ATTACK POINTS THAN
YOUR FIRE TOKEN,
YOU'RE OUT OF LUCK!
WHY DON'T YOU SHOW HIM
WHAT YA GOT, WILDHEART?
Axel, thinking:
YOU GOT WHAT YOU
WANTED, VIPER.
JADEN'S USED ALL HIS POWER.
Axel: MY MISSION
IS COMPLETE.
[GROANING]
Axel, thinking:
SOMETHING'S...NOT RIGHT.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE, VIPER?
Jesse: JADEN!
Syrus: SAY
SOMETHING!
Hassleberry:
GET UP, SARGE!
Fontaine:
SO WHAT EXACTLY
HAPPENED OUT THERE?
Jesse:
HE WAS DUELING.
THEN HE JUST
PLUMB COLLAPSED!
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
I JUST LOOKED AT HIS STATS.
NO ONE FALLS INTO
A STATE OF COMPLETE
UNCONSCIOUSNESS
JUST FROM DUELING!
WELL,
THINGS DID GET
PRETTY INTENSE.
YES, BUT STILL,
IT JUST DOESN'T ADD UP.
HE MUST HAVE
A PREEXISTING CONDITION.
Jaden:
HEY. WHAT HAPPENED?
UH, WHY IS EVERYONE
STARING AT ME LIKE THAT?
YOU'RE AWAKE!
SO ARE YOU.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
JADEN! I'LL NEVER
LEAVE YOUR SIDE!
I'M QUITTING
THE OBELISK DORM!
BLUE WAS NEVER
MY COLOR ANYWAY.
ONCE I'M BACK, I'LL KEEP
AN EYE ON YOU 24/7!
I'LL MAKE SURE NOTHING LIKE
THIS HAPPENS TO YOU AGAIN!
THAT'S NICE.
JADEN?!
HE'S FINE.
JUST SLEEPING.
I KNEW THAT.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪